Aunt, what are you saying?
Brother Wuji has always doted on me
Why are you willing to bully me?
Man's mouth
Liar ghost
Like your brother-in-law
He also obeyed me before getting married
I wish I could pluck the moon from the sky and give it to me
But now
I didn't see him for a month or two.
Even on such an important day as today
That's missing too
If I were brother-in-law
You can't see it either.
Nothing big or small
He is Mu Yan's cousin
How dare you be so presumptuous
If outsiders hear this
You have lost all face in our Zhao family
Just say less
Don't forget that today is Mu Yan's wedding day
I just want you to be no outsider
I'll just say it.
Our Zhao family can be regarded as the top family in Beihai
Your bride price can't be too shabby
Otherwise it will make others laugh
Uncle, don't worry.
I have arranged everything.
Gu Qing
Put the bride price list and gifts for the gentleman
Show it to uncle
First candle gold phoenix crown
Golden Silk Man wears a pair
Pure handmade silk dress sword
A Dark Star diamond necklace
Enough is enough
You don't need to read it down.
Still good